Fix README links and update structure (#1101)
CLIMADA-project/climada_python: README.md

option appraisal. Designed by a large scientific community, it helps reasearchers, policymakers, and businesses analyse the impacts of natural hazards and
explore adaptation strategies.

## Overview

CLIMADA is divided into two parts (two repositories):

> 1. [Core (`climada_python`)](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python) contains all the modules necessary for computing probabilistic impact, averted damage, and uncertainty, sensitivity analysis and impact function calibration. Data for hazard, exposures and impact functions can be obtained from the [data API](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/blob/main/doc/user-guide/climada_util_api_client.ipynb). [Litpop](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/blob/main/doc/user-guide/climada_entity_LitPop.ipynb) is included as demo Exposures module, and [Tropical cyclones](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/blob/main/doc/user-guide/climada_hazard_TropCyclone.ipynb) is included as a demo Hazard module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Core (`climada_python`)](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python) contains all the modules necessary for computing probabilistic impact, averted damage, and peform uncertainty, sensitivity analysis and impact function calibration. Demonstration data for hazard, exposures and impact functions can be obtained from the [data API](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/blob/main/doc/user-guide/climada_util_api_client.ipynb). [Litpop](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/blob/main/doc/user-guide/climada_entity_LitPop.ipynb) is included as demo Exposures module, and [Tropical cyclones](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/blob/main/doc/user-guide/climada_hazard_TropCyclone.ipynb) is included as a demo Hazard module.
```

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Core (`climada_python`)](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python) contains all modules necessary for computing probabilistic impact and averted damage, performing uncertainty and sensitivity analysis, and calibrating impact functions. Demonstration data for hazard, exposures and impact functions can be obtained from the [data API](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/blob/main/doc/user-guide/climada_util_api_client.ipynb). [Litpop](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/blob/main/doc/user-guide/climada_entity_LitPop.ipynb) is included as demo Exposures module, and [Tropical cyclones](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/blob/main/doc/user-guide/climada_hazard_TropCyclone.ipynb) is included as a demo Hazard module.
```

> 2. [Petals (`climada_petals`)](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_petals) contains all the modules for generating data (e.g., TC_Surge, WildFire, OpenStreeMap, ...). Most development is done here. Petals is an extension of Core and does **not** work as a stand-alone module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Petals (`climada_petals`)](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_petals) contains all the modules for generating data (e.g., TC_Surge, WildFire, OpenStreeMap, ...) and advanced applications (e.g., CatBond simulation, Supply chain propagation, ...). Most development is done here. Petals is an extension of Core and does **not** work as a stand-alone module.
```

For new users, we recommend to begin with Core (1) and the [tutorials](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/tree/main/doc/user-guide) therein.

> A [publication repository](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_papers) contains scientific, peer-reviewed articles that explain software components implemented in CLIMADA.

Author: Based on feedback from the CLIMADA Days:

```suggestion
A [publication repository](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_papers) contains code and data used in CLIMADA case-studies for scientific, peer-reviewed articles.
```

Reviewer: hmmm I am not sure what feedback this is referring too. Maybe the one saying that it is hard to find examples of CLIMADA applications? In this case I would formulate it differently. Maybe? 

```suggestion
A [repository](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_papers) contains case-study examples most of them in the form of scientific, peer-reviewed articles that further explain software components implemented in CLIMADA.
```

Otherwise I feel it is even more innaccessible to practitionners that are looking for examples, not scientific studies per se.

Author: ```suggestion
A [publication repository](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_papers) contains case-study examples from scientific, peer-reviewed articles that further illustrate the use of CLIMADA.
```
